#summary Technical or Non-Technical, everybody is welcome!


= Get Involved =

There are many different ways to get involved in the Simple Invoices community. 


== Forums ==

The easiest way to get involved in the Simple Invoices community is to download and install Simple Invoices and post your ideas, queries, bugs, documentation, request for help, whatever, in our [http://www.simpleinvoices.org/forum forums] all ideas etc are welcome, the more the better.


==  Translations ==

  * Refer to [http://code.google.com/p/simpleinvoices/wiki/translate translate] for more info on all things tranlsation
  * Update an existing translation: Simple Invoices has been translated in a number of languages but not all of these translated are actively maintained (with each new release of Simple Invoices there are new phrases to be translated). Check of the [http://code.google.com/p/simpleinvoices/source/browse/trunk/lang/lang_check.txt Lang Check page] to find out if there are any translations you can help update
  * New translation: Your language is not in the [http://code.google.com/p/simpleinvoices/source/browse/trunk/lang/lang_check.txt Lang Check page]. That means you are free to create a new translation of Simple Invoices! Its not to hard, just grab the latest release(or svn if possible) and translate 1 text file (note: there are a few hundred phrases to translate).


==  Helping out on the forums ==

       * Theres always some posts on the forum that can be better answered. If you can help out answering/resolving someones issue its a great help and a great way to build a stronger community
       * Got some useful tips: Feel free to post any tips/updates/whaterver in our forum or blog. 


== Coding ==

       * Know or want to know PHP and or MySQL. Jump on the [http://www.simpleinvoices.org/forum forum] or check out our roadmap to see whats planned for future development. If you can lend a hand coding its always greatly appreciated.
       * Note: for those interested in Simple Invoices development I suggest a quick read of the following links
         * [http://gettingreal.37signals.com/toc.php 37signals.com :: less features, small and passionate dev teams]
         * Got an idea you want to code but its not on our list or forum. Go for it!!! Just because we havent thought about it or bugged it doesnt mean it shouldnt get done (alot of Simple Invoices dev is stuff someone thought about at 2am in the morning and just started coding). Just keep in mind the above reading: have fun and keep it simple. 


==  Jobs ==

  * Are your a casual developer, UI freak? Looking to work on Simple Invoices but svn head may not be your style. No worries, there are plenty of 'jobs' in the Simple Invoices community that need workers
  * The complete todo list for Simple Invoices is at http://code.google.com/p/simpleinvoices/wiki/todo , feel free to jump in and help with any items you want - any help is always appreciated


== Donating ==

Simple Invoices has minimal expenses and those are covered by http://sixhq.com & http://smarterinvoices.com.  We used to have a paypal donate button - but was taken off as I would prefer to keep Simple Invoices.org as 'money-free' as possible.

If you do have money that you would like to donate the best options are to either buy some Google Ads or Reddit Ads or something similar to help spread the word


== Promoting ==

If you like Simple Invoices, help us promote it! The best way to do that is to tell people why you like Simple Invoices and how it helps you. 
  * Blog about Simple Invoices - if you don't have a blog grab one at posterous.com, 
  * Twitter about Simple Invoices
  * You can write reviews for on relevant websites, send emails to editors from magazines or blogs you read, or tell your friends about Simple Invoices via email. 
  * Do whatever you can do to get the word out about Simple Invoices.
  * It also helps us if you add Simple Invoices to your social bookmarks.