#summary Several small how to's
#labels Phase-Support,Phase-Deploy

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />
= How to... =

== ... enable the login system ==

Simple Invoices has an optional login system to allow you to protect your install of Simple Invoices with a username/password system.

If you are using a version of Simple Invoices later than 2007 08 then all you have to do is edit config/config.ini and set authentication.enabled to true.

To do this just change the file from
{{{
authentication.enabled	       = false
}}}

to
{{{
authentication.enabled	       = true
}}}

For more information see [http://code.google.com/p/simpleinvoices/wiki/Config#Authentication the authentication section in the config wiki]

That's it - you can login with:

|| Email address || demo@simpleinvoices.org ||
|| Password || demo ||

Since Simple Invoices 2009.1 you can edit a username and password within Simple Invoices - go to the People tab and select Users.

For developers: The password is hashed in the DB with MD5(new_password).

== ... backup the database ==
For 'Simple invoices database backup' to work the first step is to make the tmp/database_backups directory(which is in the Simple Invoices directory) writeable by the webserver
  * To do this the in unix cd to the Simple Invoices directory (cd /var/www/html/simpleinvoices) and chown the tmp/database_backups directory to the apache(web server) user (chown apache:apache tmp/database_backups), in windows just browse to the tmp/database_backups folder and make sure its writeable by all users.

...second step?

== ... add a new logo ==
To make a new logo available in Simple Invoices just copy the logo file from your computer into the logo directory in the Simple Invoices folder
  * in unix the Simple Invoices folder will usually be /var/www/html/simpleinvoices
  * just copy your new logo file into /var/www/html/simpleinvoices/templates/invoices/logos/

Note - on an ubuntu 6.06.1 server it's /var/www/simpleinvoices/templates/invoices/logos/your_logo.jpg

Now the logo should be available in Simple Invoices.

== ... get reports working on Windows/WAMP5 ==
To enable reports to work when using Windows and using WAMP5

open the php.ini, find the line ;extension=php_xsl.dll and remove the ;

from
{{{
;extension=php_xsl.dll
}}}
to
{{{
extension=php_xsl.dll
}}}
then restart the WAMP5 server to enable this option.