#summary Simple Invoices ideas list

|| *Wiki pages:* ||[todo] ||[done] || [ideas]|| [known_issues] || [notes] ||

_Disclaimer: if its in the list it may get done sometime in the future if and when someone feels like it_
 * Invoice
   * Invoice - New: Add customers/billers/products on the fly while creating a new invoice - via light box window
   * Invoice history - ie. Invoice 5 was first Quote 5, then changed, then emailed, then paid etc..
   * Address fields in invoice templates - include comma after add 1 or 2 if other address field not null
   * Invoice printing: What happens if a page is longer then 1 page for printing? (header,footer?)
   * Quick view - Note section: show the first 25 characters then follow with ... in the Hide View and full note in Show View
   * [http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/977/invoice-quick-view-next-and-prev-navigation/#Item_1 Next/Prev in Quick View of invoice]
   * [http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/1090/feature-request-ability-to-insert-rows-between-already-created-rows/#Item_0 ability to move invoice items around in new and edit screen]

 * Email
   * If fail to send add error messages etc..
   * Add to invoice history that it has been emailed

 * Payments
   * Payments - nice print view ( or easy way to print receipt of current invoice)
   * Customer payments - accept via Paypal etc..
 
 * Login/Users/ACL
   * Customer Login
   * Biller login
   * users/groups/domains - make this happen!

 * Config
   * [http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/928/number-of-invoices-on-one-page/#Item_1 Set number of rows in the manage grids as a config option]
   * preferences: move rest into db
 * Products
   * Product Cost field - http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/687/product-cost-price-field 

 * Code
   * Simple Invoices Errors - make look all pretty
   * apply aplysia new drop down list code to others (refer system default: biller)
   * index.php review input if is safe enought
 
 * Delete
   * if delete is enabled allow delete for ALL items - products, billers, etc.. all with their relevant rules ie. if product has been included in an invoice then CAN'T delete etc..

 * Email
   * email : html and no html option - maybe??
   * email: add default signature - maybe - set in biller details ??
   * use utf-8 for e-mail sending - check this - AP
   * [http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/908/reminders-for-open-invoices-help-wanted/#Item_14 Reminder emails for unpaid invoices (cron-script)]

 * Installer
   * [http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/883/logo-not-showing-in-pdf-invoice-issueopen/#Item_21 Add system requirements checler - inc PHP-GD etc.. ]

 * Validation:
   * Add validation to the edit screen
   * make a proper validation function/class
   * Product Add - add validation on price

 * Reports
   * Date based reports : http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/topic-391.html ( payments received today, invoices made today etc..) - AP
   * Customer : Statement of Accounts : http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/topic-414.html - AP
   * blow up phpreports and implement our own reporting tools
   * reports : add export to .xls format 

 * Localise
   * choose automatic language (need to rename language files/subfolder). We should use this standards (first we can start with only 2 chars variant)
     * http://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4646.txt
     * http://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry
         * use in the installer and i'll think about it for the login page when/if i add a lang drop down box there
   * Localise - look into Zend Locale or similar to handle localising all the formatting of dates, currency etc.

 * Backup
   * backups sent via email : http://simpleinvoices.org/forum/discussion/1037/database-backup-sent-via-email-or-at-least-downloadable/#Item_0
   * backup to a web directory is not really a good idea. Perhaps the download solution is a better one:
     * just mod the existing backup script to dump to screen or download file - same as how phpmyadmin dumps to screeen - in a text box
     * mod headers as in your example
{{{
		<?php
		include('config.php');

		$conn = mysql_connect( $host, $user, $password );
		mysql_select_db( $database, $conn );
		$name = date("ymd")."_tillbackup.sql";
		$backupFile = "/tmp/{$name}";

		system("/sw/bin/mysqldump --user=$user --pass=$password $database > $backupFile");

		header("Content-disposition: attachment; filename=$name");
		header("Content-type: unknown/unknown");

		include($backupFile);

		unlink($backupFile);
		?>
}}}

 * Custom fields
   * Make custom_fields dynamic with the following tables
{{{
	customFieldsCategorie
	id,name (product,customer,biller,...)
	
	customFields
	id,categorieId,itemId,value

	customFieldsValues
	id,cateogireId,customFieldId,itemId,value

	customFieldType (can be added as plugin or so...)
	id, name, 
}}}
  * defining for every module an id?
  * customFieldPlugin Id's have to be unique. 0 - 100 for shipping plugins. Other numbers can be choosen with attention (public list?)
