#summary Recognised Simple Invoices service providers.

= Market Place=

The Simple Invoices Market Place enables you to easily find a Simple Invoices service provider.

Table of Content
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

----

== Smarter Invoices.com ==
[http://www.smarterinvoices.com Smarter Invoices] - The Simple Invoices 'hosting' company

Got issues installing and configuring Simple Invoices? Don't have a publicly available web-server. No worries. Smarter Invoices can help you out! 

Smarter Invoices provides various hosting services for Simple Invoices specifically aimed at freelancers and micro-business.

Similar to SixHQ.com, Smarter Invoices was started by Justin Kelly, the founder and still one of the current developers of Simple Invoices with the aim is to provide services to enhance your Simple Invoices experience. 

----

== SixHQ  ==
[http://www.sixhq.com SixHQ] - The Simple Invoices 'eXtensions' company

SixHQ = Simple Invoices eXtended

SixHQ was started by Justin Kelly, the founder and still one of the current developers of Simple Invoices.

The aim of SixHQ is to provide services to enhance your Simple Invoices experience. This ranges from custom Simple Invoices development and modification to support.

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * [http://sixhq.com/hosting Simple Invoices hosting]
  * [http://sixhq.com/modifications Modifications]
  * [http://sixhq.com/custom_reports Custom Reports]
  * [http://sixhq.com/support Support]
  * [http://sixhq.com/installation Installation]

**Other services**

  * [http://sixhq.com/web_development Freelance web development]

If you have any queries about how SixHQ can help you please don't hesitate to drop me a line ( justin@sixhq.com ).

Whatever your Simple Invoices needs are we can sort it out.

----

== Acuras  ==
[http://www.acuras.co.uk/ ]

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * Installation
  * Hosting
  * Technical support
  * Invoice template customisation
  * Custom reports
  * Bespoke extensions development

----

== TOCICI ==
[http://www.tocici.com/]

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * Hosting
  * Technical support

----

== Bunology  ==
[http://www.bunology.com.au/]

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * Installation
  * Hosting
  * Technical support
  * Invoice template customisation
  * Custom reports

----

== Open Sussex  ==
[http://www.opensussex.net]

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * Installation
  * Hosting


----

== Host Sphere  ==
[http://hostsphere.co.uk/news/item/15-new-one-click-installers-6-of-them www.hostsphere.co.uk]

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * Simple Invoices is available via their 1 click installers

----

== Hexahost ==
[http://hexahost.com/simpleinvoices-web-hosting www.hexahost.com]

** Available Simple Invoices services** 
  * Simple Invoices hosting

----

= Why a Market Place? =
Though the Simple Invoices [[http://www.simpleinvoices.org/forum|Forums]] rock and provide the level of support that most people will need, it became clear that some members of the Simple Invoices community required a level of support that was not practical under the normal open source/community model

What also became evident was a need to provide a clear path for development of extensions or modifications and other services for Simple Invoices for specific people on a for $ basis

The main aim of the Market Place is to create an ecosystem around Simple Invoices where for $ work can be done without interfering with the natural open-source development and support of Simple Invoices

For more on why the Market Place was started refer: http://www.sixhq.com/#why

----

= How to join =
If you would like your company listed here as a Simple Invoices service provider please contact us via twitter (@SimpleInvoices)

If you have any queries about the Market Place feel free to post on the forum [[http://simpleinvoices.org/forum]]

Note: the only requirement to get listed on the Market Place is to link back to simpleinvoices.org from your site

<g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone>